---
title: Hello World - or Third time's a charm
shortTitle: Hello World
description: Every blog needs a first post. So here it is.
date: 2022-10-13 13:30:00 -3
tags: []
published: true
---

I've been wanting to start a blog for a while. It was very common for me, when I googled how to do something very specific, to find articles written by developers that explained everything I needed and more. On further inspection, those articles belonged to blogs that were filled with records of awesome projects and insightful tutorials. I wanted to do something just like that!

What's the first step to start blogging? To have a blog!

At first, I figured that I had some special requirements, therefore, using those Jekyll templates seemed to be a no go. I've been playing with JS lately, so I wanted to have some interactive demos in website, and since I'm Brazilian, I also wanted to have multi-language support. Finally, to make things more interesting, I decided that I wouldn't use any library besides Angular (that means that I would make the all the components and language support by hand!).

When I finished, it was kinda hacky and ugly (you see, I'm not a UI designer). Then I asked for help from a friend of mine, Maiane, who is an awesome [UI/UX designer](https://www.maiane.com.br). She helped me with a brand new design that was way better.

The new site had some cool animations and interactivity, but (there's always a "but"), at the time, I wasn't concerned about the mobile presentation of my site. Moreover, all the routing was done on the client side, and that's not the ideal if I want people to find my articles on Google...

Here we are with my third take on creating a personal website/blog. It has a simpler design and the idea of muiltiple languase support is long gone, however, it's designed with responsivity in mind from the start, it's now comprised of static web pages generated by [Scully](https://scully.io/), and it makes use of UI libraries such as [Bootstrap](https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/) (you see, I'm not a UI designer). There are some features, such as the interactive demos, that are still under development, but I expect to release them soon.

Thank you for sticking around to the end! I hope you'll soon find some interesting stuff in here!